docs(README): Docs for USB Hotplug (#6)
tigattack/nut-docker: README.md

### Persistent Device Name

When restarting or reconnecting the UPS over USB, the bus ID can change. This renders the device mapping into the container useless as it will be mapping a non-existent or other device into your container.

To fix this, we need to set a udev rule to symlink the device to another name. We will set this in `/etc/udev/rules.d/62-nut-usbups.rules` that we created on setup, and will use our vendor and product attributes for our UPS.

This example is using a Eaton UPS with a vendor ID of `0463` and product ID of `ffff`, and I am mapping this to group `1000`, with a symlink set to `ups` which will result in our device being symlinked to `/dev/ups`.

```sh
$ cat /etc/udev/rules.d/62-nut-usbups.rules
ACTION=="remove", GOTO="nut-usbups_rules_end"
SUBSYSTEM=="usb_device", GOTO="nut-usbups_rules_real"
SUBSYSTEM=="usb", GOTO="nut-usbups_rules_real"
GOTO="nut-usbups_rules_end"

LABEL="nut-usbups_rules_real"
ATTR{idVendor}=="0463", ATTR{idProduct}=="ffff", MODE="664", GROUP="1000", SYMLINK+="ups"

LABEL="nut-usbups_rules_end"
```

> Next, either run the following two commands to reload and trigger the udev rules (or restart the device) and check if it's working:

Reviewer: This sentence could be slightly more clear:

```suggestion
Next, reload and trigger the udev rules by either running the first command below or restart the device, then check if it's working:
```

```sh
$ sudo udevadm control -R && sudo udevadm trigger
$ ls -l /dev/ups
lrwxrwxrwx 1 root root 15 Feb 27 21:39 /dev/ups -> bus/usb/001/006
```

> In addition to these steps, we will need to read the link for /dev/ups when starting our container.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In addition to these steps, we will need to read the link for `/dev/ups` when starting our container.
```

This can be done by using the "readlink" command:

```sh
$ docker run -d \
...
   --device $(readlink -f /dev/ups) \
...
```

### Handling Device Reconnection

When the USB device is replugged, the container will in some cases not rebind the device.

This can be fixed by restarting the container, however we would preferably want to automate this process, so we don't have to connect to the machine to restart NUT.

To automate this, we can append a `RUN` parameter to our udev rule. The `RUN` parameter will run a command when the device is connected. This is recommended to be used in conjunction with the persistent device symlink as above:

```sh
$ cat /etc/udev/rules.d/62-nut-usbups.rules 
ACTION=="remove", GOTO="nut-usbups_rules_end"
SUBSYSTEM=="usb_device", GOTO="nut-usbups_rules_real"
SUBSYSTEM=="usb", GOTO="nut-usbups_rules_real"
GOTO="nut-usbups_rules_end"

LABEL="nut-usbups_rules_real"
ATTR{idVendor}=="0463", ATTR{idProduct}=="ffff", MODE="664", GROUP="1000", SYMLINK+="ups", RUN+="/bin/bash /home/user/nut/run.sh"

LABEL="nut-usbups_rules_end"
```

> In this example, this will run `/bin/bash /home/user/nut/run.sh`, which contains the commands to stop, remove, and run the container.

Reviewer: An example script could be useful:

```suggestion
In this example, this will run `/bin/bash /home/user/nut/run.sh`, which contains the commands to stop, remove, and run the container. For example:

```shell
#!/usr/bin/env bash

docker stop nut
docker rm nut
docker run -d \
  ...
  --device $(readlink -f /dev/ups) \
  ...
```
